Who's actually taking over America bro?
Look at this bro.
Oh, look we want Messiah now. Wow,
they're calling for the Antichrist bro.
They're calling for the Antichrist bro.
Look at these straight arms bro.
I want to invite you to add [music]
something powerful to your Sadaqah
Jariyah list. We're on a mission
>> to teach tens of thousands of people
around the world
>> how to pray salah properly. Just imagine
this. You help someone learn wudu, how
to pray, how to recite Surah Al-Fatiha,
every Fajr, Dhuhr, Asr, Maghrib, Isha,
Tahajjud, [snorts] Tarawih, every prayer
for the rest of their lives, you share
in the reward. When they teach their
children, and their children's children,
the reward continues for you. For just
£100, you can help teach 20 to 60 people
>> like me learn salah. Donate today and
earn rewards that never stop.
As-salamu alaykum wa rahmatullahi wa
barakatuh brothers and sisters and dear
friends, hope you guys are well
inshallah. So, as you guys may know, I'm
sure you guys know with the New York
Times Square Tarawih that happened and
then the next day the Jewish well not
festival but the Jews I would say more
Zionist Jews and let's differentiate
between the real Jews and the Zionist
Jews. The Zionist Jews are
individuals who I would say is aiding
the satanic way for the Messiah to come.
They would deem that to be their real
Messiah, we would deem it to be their
false Messiah because they rejected
Jesus. So, we're going to go to some
clips and show you guys and then we're
going to understand who is the Messiah,
why they're waiting for him, and how are
they reverse engineering for him to come
faster. We're going to be talking about
that inshallah because the real Jews
that I talked to know that they've been
exiled and they've been cursed by God
Almighty and they're in exile. And they
cannot return back to the lands of
Israel because that's going to happen
when the Messiah comes. So, what we're
going to do inshallah is we're going to
look at the hypocrisy and double
standards of Muslims who are reciting
the Quran, the very Quran that says that
Jesus
which it says peace be upon me the day I
was born and the day I will live in the
day I should die. And when [snorts] you
compare that to the Bible, the Bible is
cursed. In the Quran, he is uh praised.
He's a praise one. He's a pure one. He
is sinless. He's a prophet. He's a
messiah. And when it comes to the Old
Testament and the New Testament, uh the
Old Testament, they believe that he's in
his feces, but in his feces, his mother
is an adulterer, which we're going to
come to why the Jews believe that. Uh
and also something miraculous of why if
they believe that Mary
I would have been laughing
is an adulterer, why did they not stone
her? Which is something really
miraculous. And then you look into the
Bible. In the Bible, the New Testament,
Jesus is a curse. And in the Quran, he's
peace and he is someone that we we we
respect and love. Here is the video
inshallah of the tarawih that happened
in Times Square.
>> [snorts]
[singing]
>> So guys, you can see for yourself
what they do. They are there
reciting the Quran, the very Quran that
praises Jesus, came to defend the honor
and dignity of Maryam alayhis salaam.
And all they do is start reciting the
Quran, reciting, glorifying Jesus, and
doing that. Now, what happened next was
you had Christians. Now, did the
Christians turn up because it was Jews
praying and speaking against the the the
messiah? Because if you go there anti
anti messiah, if you think about it,
okay? Why? The antichrist, if you think
about it in that sense. Why? Because
they're anti against Jesus, okay? They
believe he's burning in his own feces,
his mother is an adulterer
and all these insults. Yes, they spit at
Christians. They spit at them. But was
David Wood? No logic or I don't know if
he even would have gone anyways. And the
rest of these guys, did they go and they
said, "Listen, stop insulting Jesus."
No, they were there the day before not
to prepare for the Zionist Jews and
their chanting for the Messiah insulting
Jesus, they were there for the Muslims.
Alhamdulillah, you know what that shows?
That's how powerful Islam is that they
didn't go there for that. So, we just
saw now the Muslims praising Jesus,
peacefully praying, okay, peacefully
praying, doing their thing, and going
about their business. No harm to
anybody, reciting Quran, not chanting,
not screaming, no music, nothing like
that. Quran, good. Now, the following
day there was a
a a festival such things on to be proud
to be Jew. Let's go to that inshallah.
are taking over America. Who's actually
taking over America, bro?
Look at this, BRO.
OH, LOOK, THEY WANT MESSIAH NOW. WOW,
THEY'RE CALLING FOR THE ANTICHRIST, BRO.
They're calling for the Antichrist, bro.
Look at these guys on the floor.
Calling for the Antichrist.
What up, bro?
Look at that.
Look at that, bro.
So, guys, you can see subhanallah that
the Jews, the Zionist Jews should we
say, came together and celebrated being
a Jew. I mean, no problem. No one has an
issue with celebrating being a Jew. Why
would anybody have an issue that you
came together and be to be proud to be
Jew? You should be proud to be a Jew.
You're a Jew. Yes, okay. You if if you
believe you're a Jew etc. you're proud
to be proud. How could anyone stop you
from being Christ that Christians come
together and being proud to be a
Christian? Good for you. No one could
ever come and say and have a go at you
for being yourself or having a religious
identity. We as Muslims are proud to be
Muslims. How could anyone have an issue
with us celebrating being a Muslim? The
issue is not there. Here is an interview
with Solihull and I'm going to Solihull,
Sneako, and I'm going to be coming to
the studios I'm again on the Lex Fridman
podcast podcast and the Down Bros
podcast. We're going to be speaking on
some very interesting stuff in a couple
of days time. Let's go to that video
where Solihull asks one of the rabbi
maybe a Zionist Jew, whatever,
about the Messiah. And here it gets a
little bit peculiar. I'm sorry. Do you
mind if I ask you a quick question?
>> Sure. Okay, so what's going on out here
today? What's this for? What's going on
is they're celebrating being Jewish.
Okay. Teenagers from all over the world
came here
Crown Heights for Shabbat for Saturday
for Shabbos and now they came here to
show everyone how proud we are and how
excited we are to be Jews. Okay. And is
this what Moses taught or where does
this come from? I'm genuinely I'm
curious.
>> Like this kind of celebration? NO, THIS
TYPE OF CELEBRATION, THIS is what's in
right now. It has to do with music and
with lights and that's what people are
into. But it's only just a way of
showing how proud we are of what we're,
you know, to the youth. Okay. And I
heard you guys talking about the Messiah
coming. Can you tell me a little bit
more about that? He's coming today. He's
coming today?
>> Yes. Where Where is he?
>> Every day he's coming today. What does
that mean? It means he's coming. It's
very It's imminent.
So is the Messiah a human figure? Is he
a real person?
>> Yes.
How does this human come every day? I'm
I'm trying to understand.
We expect it every day. Wake up in the
morning, this is what's going to happen
today. Everything else is plan B.
Everything else is plan B. And you think
like AI and the social media platforms,
like they're all working with the
Messiah? No, no, it's not it's a
religious thing. This That's all That's
all in this physical world. That's all,
you know, things that humans have made.
It's not
>> So it's like a
>> Messiah is a godly concept that comes
into this physical world and affects the
physical world.
So guys, he asked them, "When is the
Messiah coming?" He says he's coming
today. He's coming tomorrow. He's coming
every day.
That is plan A. Everything else is plan
B.
So it's plan They're saying the Messiah
is coming. Now let's understand the
eschatology a bit. Let's understand what
this means cuz you've got the Muslims
praising Jesus.
You've got the Zionist Jews in their
religion calling for the real Messiah,
insulting indirectly Jesus, which we
believe is Antichrist behavior. Yes,
it's it's it's it's demonic. Okay? When
they're saying they're intentionally
doing it, we can't say that. We can't
say they're intentionally following an
Antichrist. No. We believe the reason
they rejected Jesus as the true Messiah,
they're going to bear the consequences
of a false Messiah, which is the
Antichrist, the Dajjal is going to come
and they're going to end up following
them. And we know that through our
traditions. Now,
one thing we need to understand is this.
What is the criteria for them for their
Messiah? They believe, brothers and
sisters, that their Messiah, I'll just
quote you up. Jews believe that the
Messiah is not a human being, is a human
being not divine? Yes, we believe that
as well. So, as Muslims and Jews, we
believe that. A descendant of King
David. I don't know if anywhere in Islam
we believe that he has to be a
descendant Well, of course, there's a
genealogy that you know goes back to
other prophets, etc. Okay? So, there
will be differences on that.
A knowledgeable and observant Jew who
follows the Torah. That's obviously
where we will uh disagree. Now, what
will the Messiah do? Now, this is where
it gets really, really interesting. Now,
listen to this carefully, guys.
According to the classic Jewish sources
like the Tanakh and late and later
rabbinic writings such as the Talmud,
the Messiah will be
gather the Jewish people back to the
land of Israel. Listen carefully.
Rebuild the temple in Jerusalem. There's
two opinions on this with the Jews.
Bring universal peace, no more war,
establish in justice and moral
governance, and lead the world for
towards knowledge of uh of uh the one
God.
What Jews do not believe? Jews Judaism
does not believe that the Messiah is
divine, good. The Messiah already came,
therefore Jews do not accept the other
Messiah. The Messiah The Messiah's role
is to die for humanity's sins. So,
that's what Christians believe. Now,
here it gets really interesting because
what they're doing is reverse
engineering for the Messiah to come.
Number one, they reject Jesus, why?
Because they believe that when the
Messiah comes, he's going to be rule.
He's going to be a warrior. Yes? He's
going to rule. He has genealogy that
goes to David, and he has to have a
father. So, [snorts] through the father.
Okay? He's going to bring peace.
Okay?
So, um
establish justice. Okay? And he's going
to build a temple.
Now, this is very interesting because if
you look at what the Jews, the Zionist
Jews are doing today, they're doing the
opposite of what real Jews are doing.
The real Jews believe that they have
been cursed by God and they are in
exile. They can only return back to the
land of Israel when the Messiah comes.
Hold on a second.
They are literally reverse engineering
and they're doing everything the
opposite way.
The temple has to be built by the
Messiah. There's another opinion that
says it's going to be the Messiah's time
or something along those lines. Let's go
with the first opinion. Okay?
They're going to be rebuilt the
Messiah's going to rebuild the temple.
They they are trying to rebuild the
temple. There's corruption in earth. Why
are Zionist Jews in all kind of
industries
owning owning Pornhub
gay websites, Disney subliminal
messages, all perverted stuff pushing
degeneracy because they believe in the
eschatology that in order for Messiah to
come and bring world peace there has to
be deep corruption. So they are throwing
corruption and once again, Zionist Jews.
I'm not talking about
Jews themselves. Okay? Let's
differentiate between them. There's good
and bad Muslims. There are good and bad
good and bad Jews. So they are literally
reverse engineering as much corruption
as much filth on earth so the Messiah
could come. So why? Because there's
going to be world peace. Okay? Gathering
the Jewish people back to Israel. What
have they done? They have gone back to
Israel themselves. Okay? From building
the temple, going back to Israel,
causing corruption in the land, etc. If
you look at all of this, they are slowly
but surely reverse engineering
this to happen. And the reason why they
rejected Jesus because Jesus did not
have a father. When Jesus came he
so-called crucified. They believe anyone
that's crucified cannot be a true
prophet. And he was
defeated by the Romans. The Messiah was
going to defeat the Romans. Okay? And
the fact that Jesus does not have a
father
and can't go back to the king of David
as a king.
And all of this stuff is why they reject
Jesus. However, something very
interesting.
We know Allah says in the Quran that
they did not crucify him. No, they did
not kill him. No, they did not crucify
him. So Allah makes that very clear that
that did not happen. Now, very
interesting because if they believe
Maryam alayhis salaam audhubillah was an
adulterer they would have stoned her to
death.
Quick question. Why did they not stone
her?
What happened miraculous
that they didn't stone her? We know
there are three  four opinions.
One is a difference opinion of baby
speaking as a miracle miraculous. One of
them is Uzair when he was accused by a
adulterous woman of being the father of
the child and the child spoke and said,
"He was not my father." Number two, a
situation of Firaun's wife's hairdresser
or something along those lines when
Firaun was punishing them and throwing
them in the fire, the baby spoke and
told glad tidings to the mother. Number
three, it's difference opinion of Yusuf
Alayhis Salam when he was accused of
adultery that they say
the baby came and you know, spoke
miraculously. Number four, one of them
is that Isa Alayhis Salam spoke in the
cradle. This is an evidence that shows
the reason they did not stone her
because something miraculous happened
and we believe and there's even certain
biblical scriptures that we found along
the way that speak of the apocrypha of
Saint Thomas even speaks about Jesus
speaking in the cradle. Meaning,
something miraculous happened that they
couldn't accuse
Maryam Alayhis Salam of adultery and
they did not kill Jesus and they did not
kill his mother. So, one thing I'm not
sure about, brothers and sisters, the
Christians, Jews, and the Muslims have
lived lived under Muslim rule. The
question here is this, why are the
enemies
Christians who have made issue in this
this anti-Semitism come from Christians
and Crusaders. Okay, Christians and
Crusaders is where anti-Semitism come
from because they believe the Jews
killed their god and they have
persecuted the Jews and the Jews have
run the Muslim lands. Why is the dirt
bags and filth bags like you know, all
these dirt bags, yes,
are going and confronting Muslims, but
they do not go and confront the Jews and
say, "Hold on a second, man. Why are you
talking about the Messiah? The Messiah
did come."
There you go, brothers and sisters. They
do not go and say anything to the Jews.
No one come and say they took over this
and that and nothing.
And now what the Zionist Jews are doing
is reverse engineering for the Messiah
to come by causing all of this stuff,
doing everything the opposite way,
going against God's commandments. And
we're talking about the bad ones because
in the Quran Allah talks about, you
know, the ones that they did not do.
Like when Allah told them not to fish in
the Sabbath. The bad Jews,
they went and put nets out and Allah
destroyed them. And there was some Jews
there at that time by Israel that washed
and didn't say anything and Allah
destroyed both of them. If we was
anti-Semitic, here God also talks about
that the ones that listened to the
obeyed the Sabbath were not destroyed so
they were God's people. So, this notion
that we hate Jews is absolutely
nonsense. Brothers and sisters, pay
close attention because we might be
living at the era of the Antichrist
because the heifers, etc., you know,
they are using like Allah says in the
Quran, cutting the ear of the the cow,
yes, and using it to make the heifer
unblemished, perfect. They are literally
reverse engineering all of these stuff
for the coming of Messiah.
And the real Jews follow
that they are not uh meant to be on the
lands of Israel except when the Messiah
comes. So, you can see they are taking
matters in their own hands and trying to
push for the Messiah to come.
Hope you guys enjoyed this video and
hope this was a eye-opener for all of
us, brothers and sisters. Till next
time. As-salamu alaykum wa rahmatullahi
wa barakatuh.